So let's start working with this project.
First we're going up and the code for the child theme that we create with this course.
I'm going to add a comment here that is learning styles and we're going to write a function to load
and study shit only in the screens who will not function on Greenspan underscore Leuven style is open
and closed parentheses.
And it clearly says they we're going to hook these action.
And normally if you have a ready experience working with it will come with team development.
You use a hook that is called the Lupi on cute scripts.
In this case we went to law this time she had indeed screen.
So this one is called log in underscore on cue scripts.
Then we pass the name of the function that we have right here.
And we kind of start adding all or Aristarchi adds and justifies what going to load and stylesheet so
we use the repeat on queue style.
If you want a low damaske find you use to be on cueist click like we're going to call these monkery
nest by logging in a comma.
We use Get a sheet directory you are right because we are working with the child team and then we're
going to create a new folder is going to entry called login and we're going to identify code logging
that's us
so one of the slash login slash login that's Jasus and let's open the log that says least make us mad.
There's a body bag and Encore cornflower blue save these up and the browser and you can see that we've
had the color the background color display.
So this is working fine.
We can't remove these.
And in the next video we can start working with these files.
To customize the Longinus screen.